README.md, before:

![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/aws-samples/cluster-sample-app/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](https://github.com/aws-samples/cluster-sample-app/blob/main/LICENSE)
## Cluster Sample Application
A very basic web application written in Javascript and packaged as a Docker image to be used as a demo when testing clustered deployments.

The application default page displays current date, time as well as the current IP addresses.

Install Node.js and use the following command to install the dependencies:
```
npm install
```

To launch the tests, run:
```
npm test
```

To start locally the application, run:
```
npm start
```

You should then be able to access the application by opening 'http://localhost:3000' in your browser 

## Building your docker image

To build the docker image, go into the root directory of this application and run the following command:
```
docker image build .
```

## Tagging your docker image

To tag the docker image you just built, go into the root directory of this application and run the following command:
```
docker image build -t <yourtag>:latest .
```

## Publishing your docker image

To share your docker image to the Docker Hub Registry or any other registry, publish the docker image you just tagged, go into the root directory of this application and run the following command:
```
docker image push <yourtag>:latest
```

## Running your docker image
To run your docker image locally, run the following command:
```
docker run -p 8090:8080 <yourtag>:latest
```
Or using docker compose:
```
docker compose up clustersampleapp
```

You can then access the application by opening your browser at http://localhost:8090


## License

This sample application is licensed under [the MIT-0 License](https://github.com/aws/mit-0).

Commit message:

Updated README with steps for depoying app

README.md, after:

![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/aws-samples/cluster-sample-app/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)](https://github.com/aws-samples/cluster-sample-app/blob/main/LICENSE)
## Cluster Sample Application
A very basic web application written in Javascript and packaged as a Docker image to be used as a demo when testing clustered deployments.

The application default page displays current date, time as well as the current IP addresses.

Install Node.js and use the following command to install the dependencies:
```
npm install
```

To launch the tests, run:
```
npm test
```

To start locally the application, run:
```
npm start
```

You should then be able to access the application by opening 'http://localhost:3000' in your browser 

## Creating your ECR repository
To create a private repository for your docker image you can take the following steps:
1. Navigate to your AWS console and open the ECR service console
2. Click on "Repositories" and "Create repository"
3. For the repository name, use "cluster-sample-app"
4. For all others settings, you can use defaults
5. You can then click on "Create repository"


## Connecting to your ECR registry and building/tagging/pushing your docker image
To login to your registry, take the following steps:
1. Navigate to your AWS console and open the ECR service console
2. Select your repository and click "View push commands"
3. Use the commands listed to build, tag and push your docker image

## Deploying your application stack

To deploy your application stack using the provided CloudFormation template, take the following step:
1. Navigate to your AWS console and open the CloudFormation service console
2. Click on "Create stack (with new resources)"
3. In the template section, click "Upload a template file"
4. Choose the local file "cluster-sample-app-stack.yml" as the CloudFormation template and click "Next"
5. Enter a name for your stack
6. Select two existing subnets (SubnetA and SubnetB) from an existing VPC
7. Select an existing VPC and click "Next"
8. Keep all default options and click "Next"
9. Review all options, acknowledge the creation of IAM resources and click "Create stack"

Once your application stack is deployed, click on the "Output" tab, copy the URL and open it into your browser to access the application.

## License

This sample application is licensed under [the MIT-0 License](https://github.com/aws/mit-0).
